# Crypto Portfolio Tracker
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:
This is a simple, straight-forward crypto portfolio tracker built using Python and Flask, HTML, CSS.
##### Register / Login / Logout:
Basic register, login, logout functions which include all the validations: checking for no input, checking the input is in the right format,
verifying the user does not already exist, in case of register etc. Validations are implemented both using HTML restrictions to enhance user
experience and server-side in Python for security reasons.
After being registered, user and credentials are stored in the users database table.
In case of a login, credentials are verified for existence against the users table.
Sessions are used, stored in sessions dictionary. In case of a logout, sessions is cleared.
##### Functionality:
After logging in, user is redirected to the a home page that contains a table. The table is generated by querying the database (orders table)
for the necessary information and thus the user's portfolio is generated.
The portfolio displays tokens owned and each amount, the buy average price which is computed as a weighted average of each buy. Here, I decided that selling should not affect this average as I am interested in knowing how much I own and at what price I bought so I would now whether I am in profit or not in the current time. To this purpose, the get_price() function receives a parameter that is a token name queries Binance API for the live price of that token, then passes the result to the get_protfolio() function that renders the list with all the tokens and their information.

There is also the functionality to add / sell positions in order to keep the portfolio up to date.
If a buy position is added, in case the token already exists in the portfolio, the amount and average price are updated. Otherwise, a new line is added in the database table with all the necessary information.
If a sell position is added, there is a check that the user owns enough to sell. If that passes, then the table is updated, amount is reduced, but the average price is not affected.
In any case, after a position is added, the page is refreshed and the correct updated portfolio is rendered.

